README.md, before:

# Sloth

`Sloth` - an extension to make you suffer, browsing the web.

Do you think that users have fast device/connection as you as developer has?

No they are not. Their devices/connection are slow! Very slooow!

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6231516/36938869-cb6b0c92-1f30-11e8-9085-26b386b7a39a.gif)  

---

So enabling network and cpu throttling to have the same user experience.

---

## Conditions:

- CPU: `2x` throttling

- Network connection: `1.6Mbps` - download, `750Kbps` - upload

## Recently asked questions

 - Question: Why do I need it while @chrome-devtools can do the same?
 - Answer: Yes and no. DevTools can do it for opened tab, but you have to do a lot of manipulations to apply throttling (open dev tools, open proper tab, apply throttling etc). This extension is for lazy people, you just press one button and all URLs with same origin will have throttling. Handy isn't it?
 
 ----

## Testing

Extension is tested using [puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer).
Token was generated to rich tested extension page. It's value stored in fixtures the same as fixture for manifest.json.
All other files (background.js, popup.html, popup.js) are symlinks (./extension -> ./test/fixtures)

## Development

After adding new permissions commands below has to be run.

```
# Create private key called key.pem
2>/dev/null openssl genrsa 2048 | openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -nocrypt -out key.pem

# Generate string to be used as "key" in manifest.json (outputs to stdout)
2>/dev/null openssl rsa -in key.pem -pubout -outform DER | openssl base64 -A

# Calculate extension ID (outputs to stdout). Should be added to URL to path to extention page, aka chrome-extension://new_generate_key/popup.html
2>/dev/null openssl rsa -in key.pem -pubout -outform DER |  shasum -a 256 | head -c32 | tr 0-9a-f a-p
 
```


## Demo

- `npm run run-regular-site-demo` 
- open `http://localhost:8000/`
- `npm run run-throttled-site-demo`
- open pages `http://localhost:8001/`, `http://localhost:8001/page-2.html` and apply throttling with extension for them

Watch demo [here](https://twitter.com/denar90_/status/971152543781933056)

Commit message:

Apply new design (#15)
* Improve popup design

* Update README.md

* Improve popup design

* tests added (#10)

* implementing auto reload feature

* Update dependencies

* Add new tests

* adds build process, makes things work

* adds build process, makes things work

* fixes for reloading tabs after apply, adds close functionality

* adds BEM

* fix tests (#13)

* fix tests

* small fixes

* bumb deps

* Drop apply to all tabs feature

* update readme

README.md, after:

# Sloth

`Sloth` - an extension to make you suffer, browsing the web.

Do you think that users have fast device/connection as you as developer has?

No they are not. Their devices/connections are slow! Very slooow!

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6231516/36938869-cb6b0c92-1f30-11e8-9085-26b386b7a39a.gif)

---

So enabling network and cpu throttling to have the same user experience.

---

## Conditions:

- CPU: `2x` throttling

- Network connection: `1.6Mbps` - download, `750Kbps` - upload

## Recently asked questions

 - Question: Why do I need it while @chrome-devtools can do the same?
 - Answer: Yes and no. DevTools can do it for opened tab, but you have to do a lot of manipulations to apply throttling (open dev tools, open proper tab, apply throttling etc). This extension is for lazy people, you just press one button and all URLs with same origin will have throttling. Handy isn't it?
 
 ----

## Testing

Extension is tested using [puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer).
Token was generated to rich tested extension page. It's value stored in fixtures the same as fixture for manifest.json.
All other files (background.js, popup.html, popup.js) are symlinks (./extension -> ./test/fixtures)

> Note: to update symlink files run: ln -s <fromRoot>/sloth/extension/* <fromRoot>/sloth/test/fixtures

## Development

After adding new permissions commands below has to be run.

```
# Create private key called key.pem
2>/dev/null openssl genrsa 2048 | openssl pkcs8 -topk8 -nocrypt -out key.pem

# Generate string to be used as "key" in manifest.json (outputs to stdout)
2>/dev/null openssl rsa -in key.pem -pubout -outform DER | openssl base64 -A

# Calculate extension ID (outputs to stdout). Should be added to URL to path to extention page, aka chrome-extension://new_generate_key/popup.html
2>/dev/null openssl rsa -in key.pem -pubout -outform DER |  shasum -a 256 | head -c32 | tr 0-9a-f a-p
 
```


## Demo

- `npm run run-regular-site-demo` 
- open `http://localhost:8000/`
- `npm run run-throttled-site-demo`
- open pages `http://localhost:8001/`, `http://localhost:8001/page-2.html` and apply throttling with extension for them

Watch demo [here](https://twitter.com/denar90_/status/971152543781933056)
